# Company: 00075176

## Webtext

Excelsior are the uk’s leading rotational moulding company, specialising in roto moulding for plastic product manufacturing. get a quote today. Skip to content Call Us: 0161 765 2010 Menu Get A Quote Search Roto Moulding Plastic Moulding Sectors Case Studies Why Excelsior Tooling Manufacturing Other Services Get A Quote Plastic Products Materials Handling Steps Grit Bins Stockists Equestrian Range About Us What is Rotomoulding. Bringing Manufacturing Ideas & Plastic Products to Life Find Out More Explore One of the UK’s leading contract rotational moulding companies & manufacturers of plastic materials handling products. Established in 1902, Excelsior are one of the UK’s longest established rotational moulding companies. Having bought our first rotomoulding machine in the mid 1970’s, Excelsior are widely credited with being one of the pioneers of the UK plastics manufacturing industry which is something that we are extremely proud of to this day. Being family owned and run, we always aim to offer a professional and friendly service as we work in conjunction with our clients to produce a product that more than meets their expectations. We don’t promise what cannot be achieved but we do promise to be the very best partner for your rotomoulding project. We also manufacture a huge range of our own Materials Handling and Equestrian products. Find Out More About Roto Moulding Plastic Rotational Moulding Services Established in 1902, Excelsior are one of the UK’s leading and longest established rotational moulders. Having bought our first roto moulding machine in the mid 1970’s, Excelsior are widely credited with being one of the pioneers of the UK industry which is something that we are extremely proud of to this day. Find Out More Plastic Product Manufacturing In addition to our Contract Moulding Service, we also have a huge range of our own products that we have been manufacturing for nearly 40 years. The range includes everything from safety steps and grit bins through to food bins, trucks and trolleys and equestrian products for the yard, field and stable. View Our Products Roto Moulding Manufacturing Services Rotational Moulding, or roto moulding as it is commonly known is an extremely versatile, relatively cost-effective method of producing hollow plastic components. The process is ideal for the manufacture of simple or complex shapes and because wall thicknesses can be accurately controlled the process lends itself very well to a wide variety of applications. Find Out More Polyethylene Materials We work exclusively with LLDPE polyethylene which is sourced from 4 main UK suppliers. We stock 12 standard colours however if a customer wants something bespoke for their project our suppliers are usually able to colour match to a RAL or Pantone reference. The cost increases due to it being a non-standard colour but generally it is always possible to do. All of our stock polymer is medium density Find Out More Plastic Product Finishes There are lots of available options with roto moulded products, some of which are shown below. We do not have a design team so if assistance is required in developing a design we can help by recommending companies to work with who have an excellent knowledge of roto moulding. We are happy to be involved in that process to ensure that your final design is achievable. Find Out More Tooling For Plastic Moulding The Excelsior Group has its own in-house sheet steel toolmaker, Crossfield Excalibur, which is a huge advantage when dealing with customers. Crossfield are one of the UK’s leading steel toolmakers with a very longstanding and excellent reputation for quality throughout the Worldwide roto moulding sector. Find Out More Powder Coating Our sister tooling company offer an extensive powder coating service with trade and domestic enquiries welcome. They have recently installed a state to the art oven and latest Nordson powder coating gun to ensure that they stay at the forefront of coating technology. Find Out More Excelsior Our story started over 100 years ago. Based at a 44,000 sq foot site in Bury, Lancs, we are a family owned and run company with 35 staff in total. Find Out More Our Principles We’ve built our business and reputation around some key principles: High Quality Products CompetitIve Prices Customer Service Improve And Evolve Invest In Our Staff Find Out More Company & Roto Moulding News 25 Years of Excellence in Grit Bin Manufacturing Its coming round to that time of the year again when we pull out all of the stops to lay […] Read More Celebrating Bury FC and Our Top Performers Recently we celebrated Bury FC and our top performers as we sent them along to watch the side win and […] Read More Ringside Innovation with Protec Boxing For over three decades, Protec Boxing has been at the forefront of the boxing and combat sports equipment industry in […] Read More View All News 7PU Excelsior © 2025. Leading UK Manufacturers of Plastic Products Bringing Plastic Product Ideas to Life Through Quality Manufacturing Processes Explore Plastic Manufacturing Leaders - Excelsior are leading manufacturers of plastic products. let us help you bring your own plastic product manufacturing ideas to life. At Excelsior you can count on our plastic manufacturing expertise to help make your plastic products a reality. With 100 years of history to our name, our rotomoulding experience allows us to create plastic products for clients across a wide range of sectors, including (but not limited to) agricultural, educational, and sporting and leisure. Like several other forms of plastic manufacturing, rotomoulded products are created using thermoplastics, which can be melted and reformed multiple times without losing any strength and integrity. This allows expert plastic manufacturers like us to create an almost limitless range of shapes from thermoplastics, providing almost endless possibilities for your product. In short, if you can imagine it, we can create it for you. Find Out About Our Plastic Manufacturing Processes Providing the best plastic moulding manufacturing processes Our specialist rotomoulding processes offer the best solution when it comes to plastic manufacturing for creating small or large, sturdy products in shorter batch runs - such as grit bins, safety steps and materials handling products you’ll find in our standard range. Find Out More Choose the best UK plastic parts manufacturer The key to choosing the best plastic manufacturer is finding one who understands your vision for your product. Our decades of experience and wide-ranging expertise at Excelsior makes us the perfect people to do just that. With a range of high-tech specialist equipment at our disposal, our experts can create strong, sturdy plastic products with distinctive shapes and complex geometries, as well as almost limitless design features and possibilities. Get in touch with us today, and find out what we can do for you. View Our Products Rotomoulding in the plastic manufacturing process Rotomoulding is a form of plastic manufacturing that involves solid thermoplastic pellets being placed inside a hollow mould, which is rotated steadily while being gradually heated. The centrifugal force causes the pellets to melt, disperse and stick to the inside walls of the mould. Once it’s cooled, the result is a hollow, virtually seam-free shape with a consistently even wall thickness. Roto moulding is perfect for creating containers such as grit bins, materials handling products and safety steps, all of which are in our standard range of products. Find Out More Benefits of rotational moulding for plastic manufacturing Unlike products manufactured using blow moulded or injection moulded processes, with rotomoulding there are no ‘stress points’ that is, parts of the product which are especially liable to break under physical pressure. Rotomoulding also allows for particularly distinctive shapes and other complex geometries to be made in a single, seamless piece, rather than built from several individually manufactured components. The roto-moulding process also means that different surface textures are possible, which opens up even further design potential for your plastic product ideas. Find out more An introduction to plastic manufacturing Plastic is arguably one of the most versatile substances on the planet. Humans have been steadily developing ever more sophisticated plastic manufacturing techniques over the last century, and now plastic is used in almost every industry, incorporated into countless products and technologies designed to make our daily lives safer, more efficient and more convenient. Some examples of the industries that use plastic include construction, textiles, transport, industrial machinery and manufacturing, the maritime and agricultural industries, and the healthcare sector… just to name a few. Today, more patents are filed each year for plastic than for glass, metal and paper combined. What’s more, plastic products are filling increasingly more specialised functions, which in turn requires increasingly more specialised plastic manufacturing techniques. Shape-memory polymers, light-responsive polymers and self-healing polymers are all great examples of the sorts of incredible concepts that have now been made a reality. But while some of the world’s most advanced plastics are developed in labs, the vast majority of plastic products are created using some time honoured plastic manufacturing processes. Many of these have stayed largely unchanged over decades, such as the roto-moulding service we offer right here at Excelsior. How to choose the right manufacturing process 1. The form of the final product When you’ve got your vision for your own plastic product, deciding on the best plastic manufacturing process will be one of the first major decisions you’ll need to make. It’s not always an easy decision, but various plastic manufacturing processes have different strengths and weaknesses that make them best suited to making different types of products. Below, we’ve provided a quick explanation of what each plastic manufacturing process involves, so you can make a more informed decision about which one’s best for you. Volume and cost Once you know exactly what sort of plastic product you want to manufacture, you’ll think about how many of them you'll need, and what sort of budget you’ve got to dedicate to their production. Will it be a one-off order, or will you be manufacturing them on an ongoing basis. It’s worth bearing in mind that some manufacturing processes have high upfront costs for tooling and setup, but the products are less expensive individually. This means that certain plastic manufacturing processes like injection moulding might only make financial sense if you’re planning to manufacture your plastic products in large batches. On the other hand, low volume processes like roto moulding have lower startup costs, but slower cycle times, less automation and greater amounts of skilled labour. All of this means that the costs for individual products remains constant, which makes them better suited to low-volume orders, sometimes as small as ten individual units. Lead time Essentially, how quickly do you need your plastic products completed and ready to go. Some types of plastic manufacturing can create parts within a timescale of just few days, whereas others require tooling and setup that can take weeks or even months. As a general rule of thumb, higher-volume orders tend to take longer to process, so make sure you’re taking that into account. Material There are many different sub-types of plastic material, and each of them has different properties that make it suited to very specific applications. Before you choose a plastic manufacturing process, it’s worth thinking about what requirements you have for your material. What stresses, strains and temperatures will you need it to withstand. Which material will be the safest for your application. For example, if you’re making a plastic product which comes into direct contact with foodstuffs for humans or animals, you’ll need to ensure that it’s food grade plastic to avoid the risk of dangerous contamination. The different types of plastic As a synthetic material, plastic can be classed into countless types and sub-types, each with their own unique set of properties that enable them to serve endlessly specific roles. The particular set of plastic manufacturing processes we’re discussing on this page use thermoplastics to create finished products. Thermoplastics are the most widely used type of plastic. Their main distinguishing feature is their ability to go from solid to viscous forms and back again several times without losing their strength or structure, before they start to eventually degrade. We use three main types of thermoplastics here at Excelsior: low density polyethylene, medium density polyethylene and high density polyethylene. FAQ's What is low density polyethylene. Low density polyethylene has the lowest tensile strength and greater flexibility than any other thermoplastic, largely due to its relatively loose molecular structure. It’s semi-rigid, translucent, and surprisingly tough, with excellent resistance against chemicals and weather elements. It’s also exceptionally economical to produce, making it a popular choice for mass produced items. Low Density polyethylene is used to create products like carrier bags, squeeze bottles and children’s toys, heavy duty sacks, gas and water pipes, and chemical tank linings, to provide just a few examples. What is high density polyethylene. High density polyethylene is principally known for being the strongest, stiffest and toughest types of thermoplastic. It’s chemically inert, resistant to water ingress and solvents, weatherproof, and holds its integrity well even in extreme temperatures, ranging from -60°C all the way up to 800°C. High density polyethylene is used to make a broad variety of products, including chemical drums, tanks, silos, hoppers, signs, and pipes and fittings. What is medium density polyethylene. Medium density polyethylene combines the advantages of HDPE and LDPE, striking a useful balance between flexibility and raw strength. Medium density polyethylene shares its high resistance against heat and sudden impacts with HDPE, along with a better stress cracking resistance than LDPE. However, its increased flexibility means that it’s exceptionally useful for making durable water piping, plumbing or waste water plumbing, along with electrical cables. Its high shock resistance also means that it can be used for water containers and oil tanks. It’s an incredibly versatile substance. What’s the most common type of plastic manufacturing. Extrusion and injection moulding are probably two of the single most common types of plastic manufacturing. In addition to roto moulding, there’s also a variety of others, including 3D printing, vacuum forming, and blow moulding. We’ve listed six of the most common types of plastic manufacturing below, along with a brief description of what each of them involves. Roto moulding – plastic granules are placed into a large tool and then heated as the tool is rotated on two axes at low speed. This generates centrifugal force, throwing the plastic outwards to coat the inside of the tool, where it cools to form a hollow plastic part. Injection moulding – heated plastic is injected into a hollow mould to form a solid part. This is the most widely used process for the manufacture of plastic products. 3D printing – this involves creating 3D parts directly from CAD models. This is achieved by building the material layer-by-layer, until there’s a complete physical part. Vacuum forming – plastic is heated and stretched over a mould, while a powerful vacuum sucks out all the air between the two. The plastic then cools to form the part. Extrusion – here, plastic is pushed through a heated chamber using a screw, and then forced through a die, which creates the final shape of the part. Blow moulding – a heated plastic tube is inflated inside a mould, ultimately forming into a hollow plastic part. Water bottles are a common example of products created with blow moulding. What are the 7 main types of plastic. It’s no secret that ‘plastic’ is a very general umbrella term, encompassing a wide range of specific materials. These can broadly be categorised into two families: thermoplastics, and thermosetting plastics. The main difference between them is that thermoplastics can be heated into liquid form and cooled into solids multiple times, without losing their strength or integrity. Thermosetting plastics, on the other hand, can only go through this process once before they start to lose their integrity. The seven main types of plastic (as they’re regarded by general consensus) mostly encompasses thermoplastics, including: Polyethylene Terephthalate (PET or PETE) o This is one of the world’s single most commonly used plastics, known for being lightweight, strong, and transparent. It’s often used in food packaging and jars, such as food bottles, as well as polyester clothing. High-Density Polyethylene (HDPE) o Part of the polyethylene family, which collectively make up one of the most common plastics in the world. High Density Polyethylene, in particular, is very strong and both chemically-resistant and moisture-resistant. It’s often used for building materials like industrial piping. Low-Density Polyethylene (LDPE) o This is a softer, clearer and more flexible version of HDPE, and another key material we work with here at Excelsior. Due to its high resistance against moisture and chemicals, it’s frequently used as a liner for hollow components, or for corrosion-resistant work surfaces. Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC or Vinyl) o A notably hard and rigid plastic that’s highly versatile. Its density makes it useful for construction applications, while its non-conductive nature means it’s a common staple of high-tech applications too. Plus, it’s impermeability against germs means it’s often used for single-use healthcare applications. However, its ability to leach dangerous toxins also makes it especially dangerous to human health. Polypropylene (PP) o Widely recognised as one of the most durable types of plastic, polypropylene is notably more heat resistant than other types, and flexible enough to bend slightly while still retaining its shape. It’s frequently used for food packaging and food storage. Polystyrene (PS or Styrofoam) o Polystyrene is often abbreviated to PS, and probably most familiar to lots of people as Styrofoam. It’s a rigid, economical plastic with great insulation properties, which makes it very useful in the food packaging and construction industries. However, just like PVC, it’s easily capable of being toxic to humans if not handled properly. Other o ‘Other’ might not sound like a terribly descriptive category for plastics in itself. However, it does see use as a catch-all term for plastics that are combinations of other types. We largely include it because you may sometimes see #7 on a recycling code – so that’s what that means. Unfortunately though, these types of plastics are not typically recyclable. Which plastics are unbreakable. To be honest, there isn’t any individual plastic which can truly be described as being unbreakable. Plastics like HDPE have a high impact resistance, and it’s widely regarded as being one of the tougher types of plastic, but it’s far from unbreakable. When it comes right down to it, the answer depends on what application you have in mind. A plastic that’s been carefully and wisely chosen for the job at hand is far less likely than one that’s ill-suited or in poor condition. If you ever have any questions about which plastic is best for your project, don’t hesitate to get in touch with our experts here at Excelsior. Food grade and recycle black plastics Once you’ve chosen one of these for your own plastic product, you’ll have the choice between specifying it as food grade, or recycle black. What is food grade plastic. Food grade plastic is any thermoplastic that’s been specifically manufactured to be safe for contact with anything that could be consumed by humans or animals. That means it doesn’t contain any dyes or similar ingredients which could be harmful to humans, and it hasn’t been brought into contact with any harmful chemicals during the raw plastic manufacturing process. We use food grade plastic as standard here at Excelsior, and widely used in the packaging and retail industries, especially for food or medicine. What is recycle black plastic. Recycle black is a particularly low cost and sustainable option made from the offcuts of previous plastic products. It’s a popular choice for anyone on a budget, and for whom colour isn’t an important factor for their plastic product. However, because of the way in which it’s produced, it’s impossible to guarantee that it’s entirely safe for contact with consumables, which is why it’s not possible for us to provide recycle black plastic which has been certified as food grade. Types of plastic manufacturing There’s a huge range of plastic manufacturing processes to choose from to create your own plastic product. Extrusion Extrusion moulding works by rotating an internal screw to push heated thermoplastic granules through a heated barrel. Once the fused polymer has been squeezed through this barrel, it gradually fills out the hollow of a die waiting on the other side. There, it cools into the finished part, and is then removed from the die. Extrusion moulding has often been compared to squeezing toothpaste from a tube, and to be honest it’s quite an accurate analogy. Blow moulding Blow moulding creates hollow plastic products by using compressed air to inflate specially designed pieces of plastic (called parisons) into the desired shape. A parison is shaped very similarly to a test tube, complete with a hole at one end to allow air into it. It’s first heated in an oven, and then placed inside a mould. A high pressure jet of air is then blown down through the opening, until the parison has expanded to completely fill the mould. This plastic manufacturing method is often used to create plastic drinks bottles and similar containers. Alternatively, blow moulding might be used to inflate a sheet of warmed plastic into the shape of a dome, which is a popular way to create hemispheres for shop displays. Extrusion blow moulding As the name suggests, this is a combination of the two techniques above. As with extrusion moulding, the process starts with thermoplastic polymers being extruded into a narrow tube shape, suspended in the centre of an open die. Then the die is closed to seal both ends, before compressed air is forced into the cavity, causing the plastic tube to expand until it takes the form of the finished hollow product. Injection moulding This is one of the most widely used forms of plastic manufacturing. It involves taking a polymer in granule form, and heating it until it’s fused, before forcing it into a closed mould. This next part of the process bears a strong similarity to extrusion moulding, in that a screw mechanism is used to force the polymer along the length of a heated barrel. As soon as it reaches the end, it’s injected into a waiting mould. Vacuum forming Vacuum forming is one of the oldest forms of plastic manufacturing, dating back to the 1930s. It starts with a plastic sheet being clamped in a frame, which is then moved into the close vicinity of a heating element. This softens the plastic to make it more malleable - think the bouncy bit of a trampoline. The frame is then lowered onto a waiting mould, which is completely covered by the soft plastic. This is where the vacuum comes in. All the air is abruptly drawn from the space between the plastic and the mould, so that there are no bumps or bubbles in the finished plastic part. Then the plastic is given time to cool, although sometimes fans and sprayed mist are used to accelerate the process. After that, it’s trimmed by hand or a CNC machine, before the plastic is finally detached from the mould as a single, unbroken part. Roto moulding Roto moulding, or rotational moulding, is a unique process that’s exceptionally well suited to creating hollow thermoplastic products, such as drums, storage tanks or litter bins. In a nutshell, the roto moulding process begins with plastic granules being placed into a mould. This mould is then gradually heated like an oven, as it’s spun on both vertical and horizontal axes. This rotation generates centrifugal force that throws the molten plastic outwards from the centre, so that it sticks to the inner walls of the mould. The plastic product is then cooled, often by air or water, and finally opened to remove the hollow plastic part. The rotational moulding manufacturing process We’ve outlined the basics of the process above, but here’s a little bit more detail. An operative measures out the required amount of polyethylene powder, before placing it into a pre-made mould. The mould is then clamped shut, and relocated to an oven chamber. There, the tool is subjected to temperatures of between 220°C and 400°C, as it’s rotated on two axes at significant speeds. Inside, the powder heats up and begins to melt. The centrifugal force generated by the rotation results in the powder being thrown outwards so that it adheres to the inside of the mould. This part of the process generally takes between 45 minutes to an hour, which provides enough time for the molten plastic to be distributed across the entire inner surface. Then the mould is taken from the oven, and then cooled. If the product concerned is of a particularly technical nature, at this stage we normally use a wooden cooling jig here at Excelsior. This ensures that the product doesn’t shrink too much, which can result in warping. It also helps to retain critical features, such as stiffening ribs. The rotational moulding manufacturing process And that’s all there is to it. You can read more about the specific advantages of rotomoulding here. If you’ve got any further questions, or if you need any specific advice, or if you just want to discuss the details of your own plastic manufacturing project, we’re always happy to help - feel free to use the details on our Contact page to get in touch with us. Company & Roto Moulding News Skate Aid Success For Excelsior Back in early 2023, Excelsior was approached by WH Leisure, who were looking for a manufacturer to produce their range […] Read More The advantages of rotomoulding for the industrial sector Here at Excelsior, our rotomoulding (rotational moulding) solutions can afford your business a wide range of advantages and benefits, particularly […] Read More 120 years of Excelsior We’re proud to say we’re celebrating 120 years in business here at Excelsior. It’s been a long old journey, and […] Read More View All News 7PU Excelsior © 2025. About Excelsior Our Story started over 100 years ago. Home / About Us About Us Based at a 44,000 sq foot site in Bury, Lancashire, we are a very well established, family owned and run company with 35 staff in total. We believe that investing in our people is absolutely key to running a successful business and we are lucky to have so many long serving, dedicated staff. Our aim is to ensure that our service levels more than meet our customers’ expectations and we do that by producing quality products, on-time and with a smile on our faces. Customer relationships are everything to us, people deal with people and we always strive to create a lasting impression and relationship with our customers. For further information about our history, please see below. Quite A Story To Tell Excelsior was established in 1896 and incorporated in 1902. We are extremely proud of our history and like to shout about our achievements. In an age where plastic manufacturing is deemed to be in terminal decline, we feel that it is important to wave the flag for British Manufacturing and prove the doubters wrong. Here is our timeline along with some interesting facts about us. Established way back in 1896 we are proof that British manufacturing is alive and well. Extremely proud of our history, we have quite a story to tell. The Excelsior Fibre Company was founded in 1896 by two Swedish businessmen. Coincidentally, in the same year John Fielding and his son Abraham were founding a Coal Merchants business in Newhey, Nr Rochdale. In October 1902 The Excelsior Fibre Company Ltd was one of the first businesses to be incorporated under the new Companies Act. Three years later John Fielding and Son was also incorporated. The above photo shows John Fielding in the foreground sporting a beard and hat, with his son Abraham in the cap next to him. This photo was taken in around 1905 when all deliveries were made by horse and cart. A mill girl carrying THE major fibre product used in spinning mills – spinning cans or sliver cans as they were known in the trade. Many thousands of these were produced over the years. Spun product came off the machine, into a can. A single machine might have 40 cans serving it. Excelsior made many thousands of them over the years as well as a range of other products used in the mills. For example, they made trucks (or wagons as they were called) with fibre sides reinforced with wooden frames - all on a wooden base with a variety of wheel sizes and configurations. These were pushed around the mills by girls to pick up materials but also, and more importantly, to wheel away finished product. Images left to right: Salesman’s sample cases and small travelling trunk. An example of the cases made for Her Majesty The Queen’s Commonwealth trip of the early 1960s. A leaflet showing the range of fibre products produced including trunks, trucks (or wagons), fibre boxes for conveyor systems and sample cases. Double Decker bus in the 1950s carrying a trade advert for Neverdone on the rear. In those days fibre products often carried the trademark “Neverdone”. The word “Neverdone” in the north of the country meant an object would never become worn out. Northerners understood it well enough but when Excelsior tried to sell to a wider customer base in the 1980s, it was greeted with confusion and soon dropped. Over the course of the first half of the 20th Century both Excelsior and John Fielding and Son had built successful businesses. Excelsior had continued to sell its fibre products to the mills and its sample cases and other products to a range of customers, facing very little competition from other manufacturers. It had built a strong reputation in the spinning and weaving industry and its customers kept coming back. Up until the early 1960s, Excelsior also had a factory in Tottenham Court Road, London. Just a small unit with a dozen or so workers, it was compulsorily purchased by the local authority to make way for redevelopment. The lorry shown had bright yellow livery and was used in the 1960s for delivering products across the UK. John Fielding and Son had also prospered. Old John had died in 1913 and his son Abraham had been expanding the business, swallowing up smaller outfits along the way. Abraham died shortly after the outbreak of the Second World War and his son Kenneth, then just 21, had been called into service so the business was temporarily managed by a relative. Kenneth was demobbed in 1946 and immediately took over the business. Ken looked for and found a new business to invest in. Excelsior was for sale and he bought it. The photo shows Excelsior’s summer works outing to Blackpool Pleasure Beach in 1953. Kenneth Fielding is on the left of the picture with the recently retired former Managing Director Joe Chadwick in the foreground. Excelsior continued to do well enough for the next 20 years but then a new product began to compete with the old vulcanised fibre spinning cans and trucks. This new material, plastic, was moulded using a process called rotational moulding and was suitable for small runs. In 1976 and in direct response to the challenge posed by plastic, Excelsior bought the assets of a small East Lancashire company. It comprised one moulding machine and six tools and could make a range of six different sized trucks. Know-how and training included, £8000 the lot. It might not seem very much now but back then it was a bit of a gamble. Now Excelsior could compete. The acquisition of the new technology proved extremely successful and soon Excelsior was competing for and winning orders for plastic products and broadening its range all the time. In 1978 Kenneth Fielding died aged just 59. His elder son John Fielding was a lawyer by trade and had built a successful career in an American-owned multinational food company but when asked to move to America he declined and in 1982 joined Excelsior. Together with Sales Director Ian Kirkbride, he set about building Excelsior a bright future. John can be seen in the middle of the photo flanked by Ian Kirkbride wearing dark glasses and employee Roy McKernan to his left. The potential for plastic moulding was self-evident and Fielding and Kirkbride set about building a sales force and extending the manufacturing facility. Excelsior grew quickly from a £400,000 turnover business to £2 million. Various new product ventures followed and its customers grew ever more prestigious. For instance, a range of avionics cases for British Airways was extremely well received. In 1986 Kirkbride and Fielding set out for Denmark in a Cortina Estate. They took sample cases and through the local equivalent of the Yellow Pages, found in Copenhagen a number of percussion instrument retailers. After two days they had decided on a distributor and returned home with a £3000 order. Suitably encouraged, the following year they exhibited at The Frankfurt Music Show and generated yet more business. The newspaper cutting shows Fielding and Kirkbride in June 1988 after returning from Frankfurt. Industrial mail order catalogues had become a growing market for Excelsior and the need to produce a comprehensive range of materials handling containers became paramount. So, throughout the 1980s Excelsior started making trucks, tanks and bins in all shapes and sizes. An Excelsior employee sports the T shirt worn by Excelsior staff at the International Materials Handling Exhibition at the NEC in 1989. Acquisitions were made throughout the 1980s including Smith Rotational Moulding Ltd and Crossfield Patterns Ltd. By 1994 the business had become too big for one site so the fibre (or ‘fabricated’) business as it became known moved to Irwell Works. The burgeoning moulding side of the business remained at Ferngrove Mills. During the early 1980s John Fielding became friendly with Lancashire cricketer Jack Simmons who also bought and re-sold fibre cricket cases – known in the cricket business as “coffins”. This led to Excelsior sponsoring the Lancashire team and supplying it with cases. Excelsior cases were seen throughout the counties and were ultimately used by MCC touring sides. In the photo England players Mike Gatting, Mike Atherton and Graham Gooch pose with the Excelsior cases taken by the England team on the 1994/5 tour of Australia. The team shot is, of course, Lancashire. In 1997 Excelsior sold the Ferngrove site to developers having outgrown it. The company bought a new factory in Deal St, Bury which was sufficiently near to Ferngrove that it could keep its workforce. It also occupies a site at Woolfold, where both moulding and tool manufacturing operations continue. John Fielding retired in 2006 though remains Company Chairman. Operations are now run by his eldest son Giles in conjunction with a very knowledgeable team with vast experience across all areas of the business. In addition, several other members of the Fielding family continue to work at Excelsior. Giles’ brother Jonny is a Director and looks after sales of materials handling products, while Giles’ wife Karen is responsible for sales of all equestrian products. Having family members involved brings obvious benefits and gives Excelsior an excellent mix of young and experienced employees driving the business forward. Our Principles We’ve built our business and reputation around some key principles: High Quality Products CompetitIve Prices Customer Service Improve And Evolve Invest In Our Staff Find Out More Key Members Giles Fielding Managing Director Jonny Fielding Director Valerie Filkin Sales Office Manager Liesa Shepherd Purchasing Manager Russ Forbes Operations Manager Rob Willis Supervisor Lewis Bierney Production Supervisor 7PU Excelsior © 2025. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing p.

## Generated Summary Fields

Company Number: 00075176
================================================================================
INDUSTRIES: Agricultural, Educational, Sporting and Leisure
ACTIVITIES: Rotational moulding, plastic product manufacturing, tooling for plastic moulding, powder coating
PRODUCTS: Grit bins, safety steps, materials handling products, equestrian range products
SERVICES: Contract rotational moulding services, custom design recommendations, powder coating service
MARKETS: Businesses requiring plastic products, educational institutions, agricultural sectors, sporting and leisure industries
REGIONS: UK
MODEL: B2B
COMPANY_SUMMARY: Excelsior is a family-owned and operated company established in 1902, specialising in rotational moulding for the production of plastic materials handling and equestrian products. They offer contract rotomoulding services and manufacture their own range of products including safety steps, grit bins, food bins, trucks, trolleys, and equestrian items. The company is known for its expertise in using LLDPE polyethylene and offers a variety of finishes and design options.
COMPANY_TRADING_NAME: Excelsior
IS_MANUFACTURING: true
MANUFACTURING_PROCESSES: Rotational moulding, powder coating
TECHNICAL_CAPABILITIES: Roto-moulding with LLDPE polyethylene, custom colour matching to RAL or Pantone references, in-house sheet steel toolmaking
