## Cleaned Web Text

Equitix is a leading global investor, developer, and long-term fund manager of core infrastructure assets. Foundation News Contact Foundation News Contact life What we do do We are a responsible investor, investing in, developing and managing global infrastructure assets, which materially contribute to the lives of the communities they serve. £11.7 bn+ Assets under management 300 + Assets across 24 countries 15 Office locations 200 + Industry professionals Founded in 2007, Equitix has long been a trusted partner, investor and developer. Our strategic approach in identifying niche opportunities, executing complex transactions and continuous active asset management provides confidence to our investors. About us Responsible investor, active steward Our vision is to help deliver a sustainable future. We take our responsibility to integrating ESG across the business seriously. Sustainability Infrastructure delivers solutions to some of the greatest challenges we face today. We are proud to play our part in shaping the future.” Hugh Crossley Chief Executive Officer, Equitix Group Multi-award-winning, responsible investor News & Insight See all news 31 October 2025 News Equitix joins Virgin’s cross-Channel rail revolution Read more 23 October 2025 Charity 2026 Charity Names Announced for Equitix Foundation Fundraiser Read more 14 October 2025 News Ofgem name Equitix as preferred bidder on Scottish OFTO, Neart na Gaoithe Read more Foundation News Contact Foundation News Contact Responsible Investment Responsible investment Responsible investing has always been at the heart of Equitix’s approach to investing in critical infrastructure. We integrate the consideration of material sustainability factors throughout the investment process and ongoing investment management period as we believe this helps to identify opportunities and mitigate risks for our investors and communities served. Our approach to investing in and managing vital infrastructure incorporates consideration of material sustainability factors, ensuring that we take a long-term, responsible view to deliver positive outcomes” Paul Winters Chief Operating Officer, Chair of ESG Committee Purpose Our ESG and sustainability strategy has 3 core drivers: Firm ethos and long-term investment horizon Long-term investment time horizon requires consideration of material sustainability issues Opportunity and risk identification Integration of relevant sustainability factors throughout the investment lifecycle Meeting client preferences and stakeholder requirements ESG and sustainability requirements influence strategy and drive data collection and reporting Your browser does not support the video tag. Principles Our ESG and sustainability framework positively contributes to investing responsible with a long- term view. The principles underpinning this framework are: Client-driven Listen and understand our existing and prospective LP requirements Respond to their needs and priorities for responsible investment Consistent Be consistent in our approach, integrating sustainability factors where they are material to investment performance Use representation on asset boards to drive positive performance Transparent Communicate transparently to our stakeholders on strategy, objectives and outcomes Explain in simple terms the data, assumptions and impact of our responsible investment activities Leadership Engage positively with industry and government on value accretive sustainability initiatives Strive to lead by example and adopt high standards of governance across our approach We are focused on driving progress and improvement across the following 4 core priorities, which we consider to be most relevant to our investment strategy: Biodiversity Biodiversity improvement Circular economy Asset end of life strategy Governance Asset governance Skills and development Reporting and standards Climate Asset resilience Transition risk and opportunity Decarbonisation to net zero Communities Asset employees Asset users Neighbouring communities Commitments We are committed to support progress against the following frameworks: Currently awarded: 5* Confidence Building Measures 5* Direct – Infrastructure 4* Policy Governance and Strategy (Signatory since 2010) Committed to: Support the goal of net zero GHG emissions by 2050, in line with global efforts to limit warming to 1.5°C Support investing aligned with net zero emissions by 2050 or sooner (Signatory since 2024) Committed to: Integrate the 4 core recommendations and 11 recommended disclosures of the TCFD Reporting to be published at entity and product level in line with FCA requirements (Reporting from 2024) ESG: Reports, Disclosures And Policies To access the Equitix Annual Sustainability Report, our Responsible Investment Policy, SFDR disclosures, and other relevant reports, please click on the relevant link below. Equitix maintains information required under Article 10 SFDR in the ESG folder of the Intralinks Dataroom and Investor Portal. Access to the Intralinks Dataroom and Investor Portal is available to certain prospective and existing investors in Equitix funds and managed accounts. Responsible & Sustainable Investment Policy Responsible & Sustainable Investment Report 2023 – 2024 Equitix Climate Report 2023 Equitix Climate Report 2024 Analysing Climate Impacts On Wind Energy Assets – White Paper 2025 ESG Report 2022-23 ESG Report 2021-22 PRI Public Transparency Report 2024 PRI Assessment Report 2024 SFDR Disclosures Hydrogen Report Foundation News Contact Foundation News Contact Anti-slavery statement Modern slavery is a crime and a violation of fundamental human rights. It takes various forms, such as slavery, servitude, forced and compulsory labour and human trafficking, all of which have in common the deprivation of a person’s liberty by another in order to exploit them for personal or commercial gain. Equitix’s has a zero-tolerance approach to modern slavery. We are committed to acting ethically and with integrity in all our business dealings and relationships; and to implementing and enforcing effective systems and controls to ensure modern slavery is not taking place anywhere in our business. Equitix-Anti-Slavery-Policy-and-Statement-2025 Foundation News Contact Foundation News Contact Creating a lasting legacy About us Equitix is a leading international investor, developer and fund manager in infrastructure. Established in 2007, with over 300 assets under management valued at £11.7bn AUM , we bring deep investment and operating expertise across sectors to create value for our investors. We work in tandem with Equitix Management Services to ensure all assets under our control are efficiently and actively managed. The EMS teams are located strategically and provide a 360° service of quality assurance, compliance, relationship management and communication with our partners, clients and collaborators. This service ensures our commitment to long-term operational success. Equitix employs over 200 people of 20 different nationalities based in 10 countries. The scale of our portfolio and team gives us strategic insight and the unique ability to deliver diversified and enhanced value to our investors. Whilst our entrepreneurial spirit and agile approach to investing drives our business, we take our responsibility to integrate environmental, social and governance factors seriously. We are committed to being responsible investors. Tetragon Financial Group Limited (“Tetragon”) owns a majority of Equitix through TFG Asset Management, a diversified alternative investment management business. Creating a lasting legacy for generations.” The Equitix Mission The Equitix Advantage Strategic approach We excel in identifying niche value opportunities and in executing complex transactions. Proprietary deal origination We have an extensive network of strategic partners, accounting for over 50% of our market transactions. Deep sector expertise Our large, expert team provides international and local presence. We have one of the largest asset management teams by asset value in the market. Diversified portfolio Our core funds are highly diversified across complementary infra-subsectors offering a high degree of inflation correlated returns. We value trusted relationships over the long-term and work with our partners to deliver the highest quality assets to the communities they serve.” Ffion Boshell Chief Financial Officer Our international reach Equitix has an extensive network of relationships nurtured through active and local management of our assets across 24 countries internationally. Middle East 2 12 Europe 50 UK 291 2 South America North America 7 Australasia Founding principles The founding values on which we built our business have kept us anchored along our journey of growth. Partnership Is the backbone to our business. Acting with a people-first framework ensures that we take the human element of infrastructure into consideration. Excellence Requires whole team commitment and diligence paired with a depth of understanding for what it takes to deliver in every facet of our business. Trust Can only be earned – through standing by our commitments and acting with honesty and integrity with all our partners and collaborators at every step of the process in working and investing with us. Policy We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Enable All Save Changes Foundation News Contact Foundation News Contact Equitix Foundation Equitix Foundation The Equitix foundation was established with the vision of creating a lasting entity that can positively impact charities connected to the assets and communities that Equitix serves. The foundation primarily acquires its funding through an annual charity drinks event, hosted and funded by Equitix and through charitable donations given by employees’ fundraising matched by the firm. Its model permits us to maximise our giving capabilities and allows every employee to take a leading role in how the money should be allocated. Witnessing first-hand the benefits our donations have on small, local charities is an enormous and fulfilling reward. Our vision is to incrementally grow the Foundation and surpass each previous year’s donations with the aim of substantially supporting the real people our assets impact. The Foundation Annual Christmas Fundraising Event Our annual event in December 2024 raised an incredible £97,000 for our three headline charities; Zarach , a UK charity committed to eradicating bed poverty for children and families in hardship; SNAP Inverness (Special Needs Action Project) – a charity based in the Scottish Highlands which seeks to improve the lives of local young people; and Primrose Community Centre. – a charity based in Oldham, Manchester which provides opportunities for people in the community to improve their education, health and well-being. To date we have raised c. £1 million for our charities. These annual events are fantastic evenings, spent with our peers from the infrastructure community, helping to raise money for incredible, worthwhile charities whose communities co-exist with Equitix infrastructure assets. https://equitix.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/10/equitix_foundation_christmas_drinks_2024-1080p.mp4 Our Headline Charities for 2025/26 All proceeds raised this year will be supporting: Mustard Tree A Greater Manchester-based charity combating poverty and helping to prevent homelessness. Mustard Tree provides food, furniture and clothing; education, vocational training and work placements with consistent, 1-2-1 support to help people in their community. Learn more: Cambridge Children’s Hospital CCH’s vision is to build the first specialist children’s hospital for the East of England, combining physical and mental health care under one roof. This will become a world first hospital caring for children holistically in a way on-one ever has before. Learn more: The Brain Tumour Charity Driving forward research, support, and awareness for those affected by brain tumours, Brain Tumour Research is the leading voice of the brain tumour community. Brain tumours kill more children and adults under 40 than any other cancer and continuous research is vital to win this fight. Learn more: “Thank you for the generous donation of £32,186.84 on behalf of the Equitix Foundation, we wouldn’t be able to continue our mission to lift children out of bed poverty without the support of people like you. We recently delivered our 12,000th bed to a family in some of the most vulnerable situations. Below is a story from Jamie, one of the many children that your money contributed towards helping: For Jamie*, his mum, and his 3 siblings, the trauma of living with domestic violence was having a huge impact on their safety and mental health. They moved to Leeds to flee their grave situation with nothing to their names – no contacts, and no belongings. Zarach delivered beds for all four children giving them something to call their own again. The trust that the Zarach team was able to build with the mum enabled her to open up about the struggles Jamie was having with his emotional well-being. This resulted in the Zarach team being able to bring support around him, through school, NHS, and local services. He is now in school, happy, thriving, and at night he can sleep well at last.” Zarach, The Children’s Bed Charity *Name has been altered for protection. Reach out to us to be considered as a sponsor this year. Our generous sponsors in 2024 were: Every penny procured through our event will go to them and be split equally between the three charities. We are delighted to be raising funds for these worthy causes this year and look forward to seeing what material contribution all our efforts can make to the lives of many. To find out more about how you can help us to support this year’s causes, contact us via charitydrinks@equitix.com to become a co-sponsor, donate a prize or take part in further funding opportunities. “Equitix’s funding for Community Hot-Spots helped transform lives last winter by creating warm, welcoming spaces where people could take a break from the cold, build confidence, and form meaningful connections on their doorstep. These spaces became lifelines, fostering community spirit and inspiring action that united communities”. Claire Cullens MBE, CEO, Norfolk Community Foundation Take part Sponsoring our annual fundraising event allows you to take an active part in supporting our headline charities each year and making a material impact to the lives of many. We specifically select small size charities which will feel the impact of our donations. We monitor those donations throughout the year to understand just how the funds have been spent and how we can help them going forward. In addition, as a corporation, your contribution and its promotion, helps us to increase the charity’s visibility and spread the net of giving even further. If you are an individual and would like to help, you can also do so by donating a prize and contributing any amount. Foundation News Contact Foundation News Contact Core infrastructure opportunities Investment criteria Sourcing Value creation Strategy Our commitment to responsible investing and actively developing and managing funds, sustains consistent delivery of market leading results for our investors, demonstrated by our strong 16-year track record. We aim to build highly diversified funds, carefully selecting assets which aim to generate strong cash yields and offer capital growth across a number of subsectors. We invest in operating businesses and greenfield projects with each investment strategy tailored to the local markets in which we operate including UK, Europe, North America and the Middle East. We invest with a long-term view and are committed to being a responsible investor with sustainability at the core of our objectives. Sustainability We take the active advantage by evolving and reacting in timely, structured and commercially innovative ways to the inevitable changes of macro-economic forces.” Achal Bhuwania Chief Investment Officer Investment criteria We only target assets which comply with our rigorous evaluation analysis and selection methodology. In general, our assets: provide essential or critical services to communities benefit from high barriers to entry or monopolistic positions deliver a high degree of revenue stability, whose counterparties are either government bodies or operate within a heavily-regulated contractual environment Our proprietary investment appraisal system ensures alignment with both our strategic investment criteria and our values as a responsible investor. Portfolio Sourcing We are fortunate to be considered “preferred buyer” in many cases, and our capital is often deployed into transactions originated on a proprietary, non-competitive basis. Strategic corporate agility coupled with broad sector experience allows us to switch early to new niche subsectors at the right time. Our willingness to undertake complex deals with an innovative mindset helps us to unlock value and gives us the edge over our competitors in originating proprietary deals. Value creation Our portfolio is carefully constructed, resulting in a high level of diversification in our core funds, across complimentary infra sub sectors. Our large asset management team further creates value by actively managing each portfolio to optimise asset and fund performance over the life of the investment. The team has a wealth of experience from diverse backgrounds across a range of sectors and are local to the assets they manage. With this local presence and knowledge, we stay closer and act faster when it matters, continually working to optimise the performance of our assets over the lifetime of each and every investment. The driving force behind our success are the partnerships at the heart of our business, allowing us to provide consistent active asset management.” Sion Jones Chief Operating Officer Sectors Social Infrastructure Equitix’s roots lie in social infrastructure since 2007. This continues to be our largest sector, encompassing education, healthcare, social housing and more. Learn more × Social Infrastructure Equitix has its roots in the social infrastructure sector, having made some of its earliest investments in UK social infrastructure PFI schemes. Today social infrastructure is our largest sector with over £2.5bn AUM. The continuous and growing demand in society for social infrastructure is well-aligned with Equitix’s strategy of long-term responsible investing. Furthermore, our lengthy experience gives our public sector counterparts assurance of our reliable and expert stewardship of these assets. Our investments are diverse; from social housing to large hospitals, from schools and libraries to student accommodation, from leisure facilities to” blue light” and government offices. Our portfolio companies support communities by providing over 12k healthcare beds, 80k+ school pupil places, 15k + social housing dwellings, over 16.5k student beds and 1.2 million streetlights. Our diverse team provides an active asset management approach. Our success is driven by the team’s focus on building strong working relationships with our counterparts; central government departments, clients, and supply chain. While the majority of our assets are based in UK, we continue to grow our social infrastructure investments in Ireland, Spain, Italy, and Austria. Portfolio £2.5 bn AUM 170 purpose built social infra companies Transport The transportation for Equitix spans four continents, covering road, rail and aviation with over £2.4bn invested to date, supporting complex and strategic essential international infrastructure. Learn more × Transport Equitix is the UK’s largest infrastructure investor in the transportation sector. We recognise that delivering efficient transport infrastructure is vital to providing economic and social benefits to advanced and emerging economies through connecting communities, promoting labour mobility, creating employment, and ensuring balanced economic development. Through its active asset management, Equitix has developed important working relationships with transport authorities such as Department for Transport (DfT), Transport for Wales (TfW) amongst others and is highly regarded as a collaborative and Trusted Partner that delivers excellence to the communities that it serves. This collaborative asset management approach has been recognised through a number of prestigious industry awards in this sector. Within the portfolio, we provide services in urban and regional road transport, strategic rail infrastructure and rolling stock, essential transportation in the health sector, maritime port services and aviation services supporting the Defence sector. Since Equitix’s UK investment origins, Equitix has expanded its geographical footprint to Europe, North America, Australia and the Middle East. The sector has a diverse range of assets in its portfolio containing strategic and vital infrastructure to the stakeholders we serve. Transportation remains an important sector which is critical to infrastructure in many regions. The sector continues to provide attractive opportunities where Equitix is able to bring infrastructure to life. Portfolio £2.4 bn invested >6,000 km of rail track infrastructure Renewable Power Our renewable energy portfolio spans 12 countries and multiple assets including onshore and offshore wind farms, hydro and solar farms, generating clean energy to millions of homes each year. Learn more × Renewable Power Renewable Power is a key part of the transition to net zero with the UK and Europe targeting >50GW and >111GW from offshore wind respectively by 2030. Equitix is proud to be fully integrated in the active ownership, management and operations of key assets in the UK, Europe (Belgium, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden), USA and Australia and firmly believes it can play a key role in this transition to green energy and net zero. Equitix manages 7.5GW of generating assets including wind, hydro, geothermal and solar farms worth £2.5bn spanning 12 countries. These renewable projects generate enough green energy to power nearly 5.6 million homes every year, or could fully charge over 1 million Electric Vehicles every day of the year. This is equivalent to removing over 3 million tonnes of CO2 per year. In addition, we manage 5 offshore transmission assets (OFTOs) with an enterprise value of £1.5bn. This infrastructure delivers 2.5GW of green energy (capable of powering 3.2 million homes). Equitix renewables metrics: – 8GW electric generation capacity – 2.5GW OFTO capacity – 8,638 GWh offshore wind production – 1,794 GWh solar production – 255 GWh hydro production – 2,069 GWh onshore wind production Our experienced and diverse team’s expertise spans the breadth of this important sector, which we continue to focus on to help support the growing need for universal energy security. Portfolio £2.3 bn AUM 6.0 GW electric generation capacity 39 % of UK’s installed offshore wind capacity Environmental Services Growing in both size and importance, the Environmental Service Sector comprises critical infrastructure to help deliver energy transition and the Net Zero agenda. The majority of our portfolio concentrates on the generation of energy from waste and biomass, from assets across the UK and Europe. Learn more × Environmental Services The Environmental Services Sector (ESS) covers a total of 42 assets across the United Kingdom, Europe and the Middle East, with £1.5bn invested and an equity capital base of over £4bn. It includes operating and construction assets in a number of waste treatment sectors including energy from waste, waste wood biomass, mechanical sorting and recycling, anaerobic digestion, clinical and hazardous waste incineration, and wastewater treatment. ESS facilities generate energy in the form of electricity, heat and biogas, providing a low-carbon alternative energy source to fossil alternatives. Our electricity generation capability is in excess of three terawatt hours per year, equivalent to powering over a million homes. Some of our assets supply heat to industrial and domestic customers, providing those entities with lower cost energy and an ability to offset their own carbon footprint. A substantial shareholder in the UK’s largest fleet of EfW facilities, and also in Northern Ireland’s largest waste management company, we provide essential waste treatment – processing over 6 million tonnes annually. The treatment capacity helps to reduce the volume of waste that goes to landfill, enabling UK authorities and businesses to reduce costs of managing waste. This in turn lowers demand for land resources and avoids potentially high, uncontrolled CO2 emissions. Collectively, the ESS assets contribute more than one million tonnes of CO2 savings every year against the counterfactual case. With our in-house team of technical, commercial and financial experts in the sector, we actively manage our facilities, continually optimising our asset base to support the Government’s decarbonisation targets (by 2035) and the wider net zero agenda (by 2050), by diversion of waste from landfill, recycling and energy recovery. Portfolio £1.56 bn AUM 39 Projects Network Utilities Our network utilities provide essential electricity, gas, water, heat and fibre services to customers across Europe, supporting thousands of jobs and millions of people who rely on our services every year. Learn more × Network Utilities Equitix’s network utilities assets connect over 23 million customers to essential services such as Electricity, Gas, Water, Fibre and Heat. Equitix’s networks are highly reliable, resilient, and form the backbone of the infrastructure required to create sustainable cities and communities. Investor returns are generated through a mix of regulated and un-regulated services with perpetual licenses. Affordable access is provided across Equitix’s networks to deliver clean energy and improve quality of life for customers. Equitix and its network utilities partners are investing heavily to develop and upgrade the energy networks needed to enable a net-zero carbon economy. Electricity distribution networks are helping to deliver the step change.

## Original Web Text

Equitix is a leading global investor, developer, and long-term fund manager of core infrastructure assets. About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact Bringing infrastructure to life What we do Bringing infrastructure to life What we do Bringing infrastructure to life What we do Bringing infrastructure to life What we do Bringing infrastructure to life What we do We are a responsible investor, investing in, developing and managing global infrastructure assets, which materially contribute to the lives of the communities they serve. £11.7 bn+ Assets under management 300 + Assets across 24 countries 15 Office locations 200 + Industry professionals Founded in 2007, Equitix has long been a trusted partner, investor and developer. Our strategic approach in identifying niche opportunities, executing complex transactions and continuous active asset management provides confidence to our investors. About us Responsible investor, active steward Our vision is to help deliver a sustainable future. We take our responsibility to integrating ESG across the business seriously. Sustainability Infrastructure delivers solutions to some of the greatest challenges we face today. We are proud to play our part in shaping the future.” Hugh Crossley Chief Executive Officer, Equitix Group Multi-award-winning, responsible investor News & Insight See all news 31 October 2025 News Equitix joins Virgin’s cross-Channel rail revolution Read more 23 October 2025 Charity 2026 Charity Names Announced for Equitix Foundation Fundraiser Read more 14 October 2025 News Ofgem name Equitix as preferred bidder on Scottish OFTO, Neart na Gaoithe Read more contact@equitix.com +44 (0) 20 7250 7333 © Equitix, 2024 Equitix is a registered trademark of Equitix Limited, registered under number UK00004030653 Anti-slavery statement Cookie Policy MIFIDPRU 8 Disclosure Privacy Policy Forms 20-2 and 21-3 Code of Conduct 2025 Financial Crime Policy Disclaimer DISCLAIMER FOR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM Before entering the website, please read the following important information and confirm your acceptance below. The information on this website is directed by Equitix exclusively at persons in the United Kingdom who are either a “professional client” or an “eligible counterparty”, each as defined in the Financial Conduct Authority’s Conduct of Business sourcebook, or are otherwise “investment professionals” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) Order 2001, as applicable. For persons outside of the United Kingdom, this website is only directed to persons who may lawfully access it without breach of law or regulation or imposing any requirement on Equitix or any other person to be licensed, registered or approved in any other jurisdiction. If you choose to access this site from outside the United Kingdom, it is your sole responsibility to comply with local laws. Legal and regulatory information: This website is controlled and operated by Equitix from its head offices within the United Kingdom. Equitix is a trading name of Equitix Investment Management Ltd (“EIML”). EIML is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority with firm reference number 471196. Information purposes only: The contents of this website have been prepared for information purposes only and are not intended to be relied upon as a forecast, tax or investment advice. This website and the information contained within do not constitute and should not be regarded as an offer to sell or solicitation to buy any securities or related financial instruments in any jurisdiction. Investment risk: The value of investments may go down as well as up and investors in the products and services referred to on the website may not get back the amount they invested. Any references on this website to past investment performance are not a reliable indicator of future returns. Any projections or future looking statement are not guaranteed. Accuracy of information: Equitix makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information on this website. Equitix or any party involved in creating or delivering the website shall not be liable for any direct, incidental consequential, indirect or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use the materials on this website. Cookies: Equitix uses cookies on this website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences in repeat visits. By clicking “I have read and agreed” below, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit “Cookie Settings” to provide a controlled consent. For more information, please refer to section L of our Privacy Notice. Copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property: The copyright and all other rights in the material on this website are proprietary to Equitix. The information contained on this website is intended solely for the use of any persons who access the website, and may not be reproduced, distributed or published to any other person. The use of the trademarks displayed on this website or any other content on this website, except as expressly provided, is prohibited. Data privacy: Please refer to the Equitix Privacy Statement on the collection and use of personal information, which is incorporated into these disclaimers. Please note that statements made on this website are subject to change, correction or update without notice. I understand and agree We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics Cookies Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Analytics Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Enable All Save Changes About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact Responsible Investment Responsible investment Responsible investing has always been at the heart of Equitix’s approach to investing in critical infrastructure. We integrate the consideration of material sustainability factors throughout the investment process and ongoing investment management period as we believe this helps to identify opportunities and mitigate risks for our investors and communities served. Our approach to investing in and managing vital infrastructure incorporates consideration of material sustainability factors, ensuring that we take a long-term, responsible view to deliver positive outcomes” Paul Winters Chief Operating Officer, Chair of ESG Committee Purpose Our ESG and sustainability strategy has 3 core drivers: Firm ethos and long-term investment horizon Long-term investment time horizon requires consideration of material sustainability issues Opportunity and risk identification Integration of relevant sustainability factors throughout the investment lifecycle Meeting client preferences and stakeholder requirements ESG and sustainability requirements influence strategy and drive data collection and reporting Your browser does not support the video tag. Principles Our ESG and sustainability framework positively contributes to investing responsible with a long- term view. The principles underpinning this framework are: Client-driven Listen and understand our existing and prospective LP requirements Respond to their needs and priorities for responsible investment Consistent Be consistent in our approach, integrating sustainability factors where they are material to investment performance Use representation on asset boards to drive positive performance Transparent Communicate transparently to our stakeholders on strategy, objectives and outcomes Explain in simple terms the data, assumptions and impact of our responsible investment activities Leadership Engage positively with industry and government on value accretive sustainability initiatives Strive to lead by example and adopt high standards of governance across our approach We are focused on driving progress and improvement across the following 4 core priorities, which we consider to be most relevant to our investment strategy: Biodiversity Biodiversity improvement Circular economy Asset end of life strategy Governance Asset governance Skills and development Reporting and standards Climate Asset resilience Transition risk and opportunity Decarbonisation to net zero Communities Asset employees Asset users Neighbouring communities Commitments We are committed to support progress against the following frameworks: Currently awarded: 5* Confidence Building Measures 5* Direct – Infrastructure 4* Policy Governance and Strategy (Signatory since 2010) Committed to: Support the goal of net zero GHG emissions by 2050, in line with global efforts to limit warming to 1.5°C Support investing aligned with net zero emissions by 2050 or sooner (Signatory since 2024) Committed to: Integrate the 4 core recommendations and 11 recommended disclosures of the TCFD Reporting to be published at entity and product level in line with FCA requirements (Reporting from 2024) ESG: Reports, Disclosures And Policies To access the Equitix Annual Sustainability Report, our Responsible Investment Policy, SFDR disclosures, and other relevant reports, please click on the relevant link below. Equitix maintains information required under Article 10 SFDR in the ESG folder of the Intralinks Dataroom and Investor Portal. Access to the Intralinks Dataroom and Investor Portal is available to certain prospective and existing investors in Equitix funds and managed accounts. Responsible & Sustainable Investment Policy Responsible & Sustainable Investment Report 2023 – 2024 Equitix Climate Report 2023 Equitix Climate Report 2024 Analysing Climate Impacts On Wind Energy Assets – White Paper 2025 ESG Report 2022-23 ESG Report 2021-22 PRI Public Transparency Report 2024 PRI Assessment Report 2024 SFDR Disclosures Hydrogen Report contact@equitix.com +44 (0) 20 7250 7333 © Equitix, 2024 Equitix is a registered trademark of Equitix Limited, registered under number UK00004030653 Anti-slavery statement Cookie Policy MIFIDPRU 8 Disclosure Privacy Policy Forms 20-2 and 21-3 Code of Conduct 2025 Financial Crime Policy Disclaimer DISCLAIMER FOR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM Before entering the website, please read the following important information and confirm your acceptance below. The information on this website is directed by Equitix exclusively at persons in the United Kingdom who are either a “professional client” or an “eligible counterparty”, each as defined in the Financial Conduct Authority’s Conduct of Business sourcebook, or are otherwise “investment professionals” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) Order 2001, as applicable. For persons outside of the United Kingdom, this website is only directed to persons who may lawfully access it without breach of law or regulation or imposing any requirement on Equitix or any other person to be licensed, registered or approved in any other jurisdiction. If you choose to access this site from outside the United Kingdom, it is your sole responsibility to comply with local laws. Legal and regulatory information: This website is controlled and operated by Equitix from its head offices within the United Kingdom. Equitix is a trading name of Equitix Investment Management Ltd (“EIML”). EIML is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority with firm reference number 471196. Information purposes only: The contents of this website have been prepared for information purposes only and are not intended to be relied upon as a forecast, tax or investment advice. This website and the information contained within do not constitute and should not be regarded as an offer to sell or solicitation to buy any securities or related financial instruments in any jurisdiction. Investment risk: The value of investments may go down as well as up and investors in the products and services referred to on the website may not get back the amount they invested. Any references on this website to past investment performance are not a reliable indicator of future returns. Any projections or future looking statement are not guaranteed. Accuracy of information: Equitix makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information on this website. Equitix or any party involved in creating or delivering the website shall not be liable for any direct, incidental consequential, indirect or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use the materials on this website. Cookies: Equitix uses cookies on this website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences in repeat visits. By clicking “I have read and agreed” below, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit “Cookie Settings” to provide a controlled consent. For more information, please refer to section L of our Privacy Notice. Copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property: The copyright and all other rights in the material on this website are proprietary to Equitix. The information contained on this website is intended solely for the use of any persons who access the website, and may not be reproduced, distributed or published to any other person. The use of the trademarks displayed on this website or any other content on this website, except as expressly provided, is prohibited. Data privacy: Please refer to the Equitix Privacy Statement on the collection and use of personal information, which is incorporated into these disclaimers. Please note that statements made on this website are subject to change, correction or update without notice. I understand and agree We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics Cookies Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Analytics Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Enable All Save Changes About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact Anti-slavery statement Modern slavery is a crime and a violation of fundamental human rights. It takes various forms, such as slavery, servitude, forced and compulsory labour and human trafficking, all of which have in common the deprivation of a person’s liberty by another in order to exploit them for personal or commercial gain. Equitix’s has a zero-tolerance approach to modern slavery. We are committed to acting ethically and with integrity in all our business dealings and relationships; and to implementing and enforcing effective systems and controls to ensure modern slavery is not taking place anywhere in our business. Equitix-Anti-Slavery-Policy-and-Statement-2025 contact@equitix.com +44 (0) 20 7250 7333 © Equitix, 2024 Equitix is a registered trademark of Equitix Limited, registered under number UK00004030653 Anti-slavery statement Cookie Policy MIFIDPRU 8 Disclosure Privacy Policy Forms 20-2 and 21-3 Code of Conduct 2025 Financial Crime Policy Disclaimer DISCLAIMER FOR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM Before entering the website, please read the following important information and confirm your acceptance below. The information on this website is directed by Equitix exclusively at persons in the United Kingdom who are either a “professional client” or an “eligible counterparty”, each as defined in the Financial Conduct Authority’s Conduct of Business sourcebook, or are otherwise “investment professionals” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) Order 2001, as applicable. For persons outside of the United Kingdom, this website is only directed to persons who may lawfully access it without breach of law or regulation or imposing any requirement on Equitix or any other person to be licensed, registered or approved in any other jurisdiction. If you choose to access this site from outside the United Kingdom, it is your sole responsibility to comply with local laws. Legal and regulatory information: This website is controlled and operated by Equitix from its head offices within the United Kingdom. Equitix is a trading name of Equitix Investment Management Ltd (“EIML”). EIML is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority with firm reference number 471196. Information purposes only: The contents of this website have been prepared for information purposes only and are not intended to be relied upon as a forecast, tax or investment advice. This website and the information contained within do not constitute and should not be regarded as an offer to sell or solicitation to buy any securities or related financial instruments in any jurisdiction. Investment risk: The value of investments may go down as well as up and investors in the products and services referred to on the website may not get back the amount they invested. Any references on this website to past investment performance are not a reliable indicator of future returns. Any projections or future looking statement are not guaranteed. Accuracy of information: Equitix makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information on this website. Equitix or any party involved in creating or delivering the website shall not be liable for any direct, incidental consequential, indirect or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use the materials on this website. Cookies: Equitix uses cookies on this website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences in repeat visits. By clicking “I have read and agreed” below, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit “Cookie Settings” to provide a controlled consent. For more information, please refer to section L of our Privacy Notice. Copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property: The copyright and all other rights in the material on this website are proprietary to Equitix. The information contained on this website is intended solely for the use of any persons who access the website, and may not be reproduced, distributed or published to any other person. The use of the trademarks displayed on this website or any other content on this website, except as expressly provided, is prohibited. Data privacy: Please refer to the Equitix Privacy Statement on the collection and use of personal information, which is incorporated into these disclaimers. Please note that statements made on this website are subject to change, correction or update without notice. I understand and agree We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics Cookies Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Analytics Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Enable All Save Changes About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact Creating a lasting legacy About us Equitix is a leading international investor, developer and fund manager in infrastructure. Established in 2007, with over 300 assets under management valued at £11.7bn AUM , we bring deep investment and operating expertise across sectors to create value for our investors. We work in tandem with Equitix Management Services to ensure all assets under our control are efficiently and actively managed. The EMS teams are located strategically and provide a 360° service of quality assurance, compliance, relationship management and communication with our partners, clients and collaborators. This service ensures our commitment to long-term operational success. Equitix employs over 200 people of 20 different nationalities based in 10 countries. The scale of our portfolio and team gives us strategic insight and the unique ability to deliver diversified and enhanced value to our investors. Whilst our entrepreneurial spirit and agile approach to investing drives our business, we take our responsibility to integrate environmental, social and governance factors seriously. We are committed to being responsible investors. Tetragon Financial Group Limited (“Tetragon”) owns a majority of Equitix through TFG Asset Management, a diversified alternative investment management business. Creating a lasting legacy for generations.” The Equitix Mission The Equitix Advantage Strategic approach We excel in identifying niche value opportunities and in executing complex transactions. Proprietary deal origination We have an extensive network of strategic partners, accounting for over 50% of our market transactions. Deep sector expertise Our large, expert team provides international and local presence. We have one of the largest asset management teams by asset value in the market. Diversified portfolio Our core funds are highly diversified across complementary infra-subsectors offering a high degree of inflation correlated returns. We value trusted relationships over the long-term and work with our partners to deliver the highest quality assets to the communities they serve.” Ffion Boshell Chief Financial Officer Our international reach Equitix has an extensive network of relationships nurtured through active and local management of our assets across 24 countries internationally. Middle East 2 12 Europe 50 UK 291 2 South America North America 7 Australasia Founding principles The founding values on which we built our business have kept us anchored along our journey of growth. Partnership Is the backbone to our business. Acting with a people-first framework ensures that we take the human element of infrastructure into consideration. Excellence Requires whole team commitment and diligence paired with a depth of understanding for what it takes to deliver in every facet of our business. Trust Can only be earned – through standing by our commitments and acting with honesty and integrity with all our partners and collaborators at every step of the process in working and investing with us. contact@equitix.com +44 (0) 20 7250 7333 © Equitix, 2024 Equitix is a registered trademark of Equitix Limited, registered under number UK00004030653 Anti-slavery statement Cookie Policy MIFIDPRU 8 Disclosure Privacy Policy Forms 20-2 and 21-3 Code of Conduct 2025 Financial Crime Policy We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics Cookies Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Analytics Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Enable All Save Changes About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact Equitix Foundation Equitix Foundation The Equitix foundation was established with the vision of creating a lasting entity that can positively impact charities connected to the assets and communities that Equitix serves. The foundation primarily acquires its funding through an annual charity drinks event, hosted and funded by Equitix and through charitable donations given by employees’ fundraising matched by the firm. Its model permits us to maximise our giving capabilities and allows every employee to take a leading role in how the money should be allocated. Witnessing first-hand the benefits our donations have on small, local charities is an enormous and fulfilling reward. Our vision is to incrementally grow the Foundation and surpass each previous year’s donations with the aim of substantially supporting the real people our assets impact. The Foundation Annual Christmas Fundraising Event Our annual event in December 2024 raised an incredible £97,000 for our three headline charities; Zarach , a UK charity committed to eradicating bed poverty for children and families in hardship; SNAP Inverness (Special Needs Action Project) – a charity based in the Scottish Highlands which seeks to improve the lives of local young people; and Primrose Community Centre. – a charity based in Oldham, Manchester which provides opportunities for people in the community to improve their education, health and well-being. To date we have raised c. £1 million for our charities! These annual events are fantastic evenings, spent with our peers from the infrastructure community, helping to raise money for incredible, worthwhile charities whose communities co-exist with Equitix infrastructure assets. https://equitix.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/10/equitix_foundation_christmas_drinks_2024-1080p.mp4 Our Headline Charities for 2025/26 All proceeds raised this year will be supporting: Mustard Tree A Greater Manchester-based charity combating poverty and helping to prevent homelessness. Mustard Tree provides food, furniture and clothing; education, vocational training and work placements with consistent, 1-2-1 support to help people in their community. Learn more: Cambridge Children’s Hospital CCH’s vision is to build the first specialist children’s hospital for the East of England, combining physical and mental health care under one roof. This will become a world first hospital caring for children holistically in a way on-one ever has before. Learn more: The Brain Tumour Charity Driving forward research, support, and awareness for those affected by brain tumours, Brain Tumour Research is the leading voice of the brain tumour community. Brain tumours kill more children and adults under 40 than any other cancer and continuous research is vital to win this fight. Learn more: “Thank you for the generous donation of £32,186.84 on behalf of the Equitix Foundation, we wouldn’t be able to continue our mission to lift children out of bed poverty without the support of people like you. We recently delivered our 12,000th bed to a family in some of the most vulnerable situations. Below is a story from Jamie, one of the many children that your money contributed towards helping: For Jamie*, his mum, and his 3 siblings, the trauma of living with domestic violence was having a huge impact on their safety and mental health. They moved to Leeds to flee their grave situation with nothing to their names – no contacts, and no belongings. Zarach delivered beds for all four children giving them something to call their own again. The trust that the Zarach team was able to build with the mum enabled her to open up about the struggles Jamie was having with his emotional well-being. This resulted in the Zarach team being able to bring support around him, through school, NHS, and local services. He is now in school, happy, thriving, and at night he can sleep well at last.” Zarach, The Children’s Bed Charity *Name has been altered for protection. Reach out to us to be considered as a sponsor this year. Our generous sponsors in 2024 were: Every penny procured through our event will go to them and be split equally between the three charities. We are delighted to be raising funds for these worthy causes this year and look forward to seeing what material contribution all our efforts can make to the lives of many. To find out more about how you can help us to support this year’s causes, contact us via charitydrinks@equitix.com to become a co-sponsor, donate a prize or take part in further funding opportunities. “Equitix’s funding for Community Hot-Spots helped transform lives last winter by creating warm, welcoming spaces where people could take a break from the cold, build confidence, and form meaningful connections on their doorstep. These spaces became lifelines, fostering community spirit and inspiring action that united communities”. Claire Cullens MBE, CEO, Norfolk Community Foundation Take part Sponsoring our annual fundraising event allows you to take an active part in supporting our headline charities each year and making a material impact to the lives of many. We specifically select small size charities which will feel the impact of our donations. We monitor those donations throughout the year to understand just how the funds have been spent and how we can help them going forward. In addition, as a corporation, your contribution and its promotion, helps us to increase the charity’s visibility and spread the net of giving even further. If you are an individual and would like to help, you can also do so by donating a prize and contributing any amount. contact@equitix.com +44 (0) 20 7250 7333 © Equitix, 2024 Equitix is a registered trademark of Equitix Limited, registered under number UK00004030653 Anti-slavery statement Cookie Policy MIFIDPRU 8 Disclosure Privacy Policy Forms 20-2 and 21-3 Code of Conduct 2025 Financial Crime Policy Disclaimer DISCLAIMER FOR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM Before entering the website, please read the following important information and confirm your acceptance below. The information on this website is directed by Equitix exclusively at persons in the United Kingdom who are either a “professional client” or an “eligible counterparty”, each as defined in the Financial Conduct Authority’s Conduct of Business sourcebook, or are otherwise “investment professionals” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) Order 2001, as applicable. For persons outside of the United Kingdom, this website is only directed to persons who may lawfully access it without breach of law or regulation or imposing any requirement on Equitix or any other person to be licensed, registered or approved in any other jurisdiction. If you choose to access this site from outside the United Kingdom, it is your sole responsibility to comply with local laws. Legal and regulatory information: This website is controlled and operated by Equitix from its head offices within the United Kingdom. Equitix is a trading name of Equitix Investment Management Ltd (“EIML”). EIML is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority with firm reference number 471196. Information purposes only: The contents of this website have been prepared for information purposes only and are not intended to be relied upon as a forecast, tax or investment advice. This website and the information contained within do not constitute and should not be regarded as an offer to sell or solicitation to buy any securities or related financial instruments in any jurisdiction. Investment risk: The value of investments may go down as well as up and investors in the products and services referred to on the website may not get back the amount they invested. Any references on this website to past investment performance are not a reliable indicator of future returns. Any projections or future looking statement are not guaranteed. Accuracy of information: Equitix makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information on this website. Equitix or any party involved in creating or delivering the website shall not be liable for any direct, incidental consequential, indirect or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use the materials on this website. Cookies: Equitix uses cookies on this website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences in repeat visits. By clicking “I have read and agreed” below, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit “Cookie Settings” to provide a controlled consent. For more information, please refer to section L of our Privacy Notice. Copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property: The copyright and all other rights in the material on this website are proprietary to Equitix. The information contained on this website is intended solely for the use of any persons who access the website, and may not be reproduced, distributed or published to any other person. The use of the trademarks displayed on this website or any other content on this website, except as expressly provided, is prohibited. Data privacy: Please refer to the Equitix Privacy Statement on the collection and use of personal information, which is incorporated into these disclaimers. Please note that statements made on this website are subject to change, correction or update without notice. I understand and agree We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Accept Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Analytics Cookies Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Analytics Cookies This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Enable All Save Changes About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact About Careers Our team Strategy Portfolio Sustainability Responsible Investment Equitix Foundation News Contact Core infrastructure opportunities Investment criteria Sourcing Value creation Strategy Our commitment to responsible investing and actively developing and managing funds, sustains consistent delivery of market leading results for our investors, demonstrated by our strong 16-year track record. We aim to build highly diversified funds, carefully selecting assets which aim to generate strong cash yields and offer capital growth across a number of subsectors. We invest in operating businesses and greenfield projects with each investment strategy tailored to the local markets in which we operate including UK, Europe, North America and the Middle East. We invest with a long-term view and are committed to being a responsible investor with sustainability at the core of our objectives. Sustainability We take the active advantage by evolving and reacting in timely, structured and commercially innovative ways to the inevitable changes of macro-economic forces.” Achal Bhuwania Chief Investment Officer Investment criteria We only target assets which comply with our rigorous evaluation analysis and selection methodology. In general, our assets: provide essential or critical services to communities benefit from high barriers to entry or monopolistic positions deliver a high degree of revenue stability, whose counterparties are either government bodies or operate within a heavily-regulated contractual environment Our proprietary investment appraisal system ensures alignment with both our strategic investment criteria and our values as a responsible investor. Portfolio Sourcing We are fortunate to be considered “preferred buyer” in many cases, and our capital is often deployed into transactions originated on a proprietary, non-competitive basis. Strategic corporate agility coupled with broad sector experience allows us to switch early to new niche subsectors at the right time. Our willingness to undertake complex deals with an innovative mindset helps us to unlock value and gives us the edge over our competitors in originating proprietary deals. Value creation Our portfolio is carefully constructed, resulting in a high level of diversification in our core funds, across complimentary infra sub sectors. Our large asset management team further creates value by actively managing each portfolio to optimise asset and fund performance over the life of the investment. The team has a wealth of experience from diverse backgrounds across a range of sectors and are local to the assets they manage. With this local presence and knowledge, we stay closer and act faster when it matters, continually working to optimise the performance of our assets over the lifetime of each and every investment. The driving force behind our success are the partnerships at the heart of our business, allowing us to provide consistent active asset management.” Sion Jones Chief Operating Officer Sectors Social Infrastructure Equitix’s roots lie in social infrastructure since 2007. This continues to be our largest sector, encompassing education, healthcare, social housing and more. Learn more × Social Infrastructure Equitix has its roots in the social infrastructure sector, having made some of its earliest investments in UK social infrastructure PFI schemes. Today social infrastructure is our largest sector with over £2.5bn AUM. The continuous and growing demand in society for social infrastructure is well-aligned with Equitix’s strategy of long-term responsible investing. Furthermore, our lengthy experience gives our public sector counterparts assurance of our reliable and expert stewardship of these assets. Our investments are diverse; from social housing to large hospitals, from schools and libraries to student accommodation, from leisure facilities to” blue light” and government offices. Our portfolio companies support communities by providing over 12k healthcare beds, 80k+ school pupil places, 15k + social housing dwellings, over 16.5k student beds and 1.2 million streetlights. Our diverse team provides an active asset management approach. Our success is driven by the team’s focus on building strong working relationships with our counterparts; central government departments, clients, and supply chain. While the majority of our assets are based in UK, we continue to grow our social infrastructure investments in Ireland, Spain, Italy, and Austria. Portfolio £2.5 bn AUM 170 purpose built social infra companies Transport The transportation for Equitix spans four continents, covering road, rail and aviation with over £2.4bn invested to date, supporting complex and strategic essential international infrastructure. Learn more × Transport Equitix is the UK’s largest infrastructure investor in the transportation sector. We recognise that delivering efficient transport infrastructure is vital to providing economic and social benefits to advanced and emerging economies through connecting communities, promoting labour mobility, creating employment, and ensuring balanced economic development. Through its active asset management, Equitix has developed important working relationships with transport authorities such as Department for Transport (DfT), Transport for Wales (TfW) amongst others and is highly regarded as a collaborative and Trusted Partner that delivers excellence to the communities that it serves. This collaborative asset management approach has been recognised through a number of prestigious industry awards in this sector. Within the portfolio, we provide services in urban and regional road transport, strategic rail infrastructure and rolling stock, essential transportation in the health sector, maritime port services and aviation services supporting the Defence sector. Since Equitix’s UK investment origins, Equitix has expanded its geographical footprint to Europe, North America, Australia and the Middle East. The sector has a diverse range of assets in its portfolio containing strategic and vital infrastructure to the stakeholders we serve. Transportation remains an important sector which is critical to infrastructure in many regions. The sector continues to provide attractive opportunities where Equitix is able to bring infrastructure to life. Portfolio £2.4 bn invested >6,000 km of rail track infrastructure Renewable Power Our renewable energy portfolio spans 12 countries and multiple assets including onshore and offshore wind farms, hydro and solar farms, generating clean energy to millions of homes each year. Learn more × Renewable Power Renewable Power is a key part of the transition to net zero with the UK and Europe targeting >50GW and >111GW from offshore wind respectively by 2030. Equitix is proud to be fully integrated in the active ownership, management and operations of key assets in the UK, Europe (Belgium, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden), USA and Australia and firmly believes it can play a key role in this transition to green energy and net zero. Equitix manages 7.5GW of generating assets including wind, hydro, geothermal and solar farms worth £2.5bn spanning 12 countries. These renewable projects generate enough green energy to power nearly 5.6 million homes every year, or could fully charge over 1 million Electric Vehicles every day of the year. This is equivalent to removing over 3 million tonnes of CO2 per year. In addition, we manage 5 offshore transmission assets (OFTOs) with an enterprise value of £1.5bn. This infrastructure delivers 2.5GW of green energy (capable of powering 3.2 million homes). Equitix renewables metrics: – 8GW electric generation capacity – 2.5GW OFTO capacity – 8,638 GWh offshore wind production – 1,794 GWh solar production – 255 GWh hydro production – 2,069 GWh onshore wind production Our experienced and diverse team’s expertise spans the breadth of this important sector, which we continue to focus on to help support the growing need for universal energy security. Portfolio £2.3 bn AUM 6.0 GW electric generation capacity 39 % of UK’s installed offshore wind capacity Environmental Services Growing in both size and importance, the Environmental Service Sector comprises critical infrastructure to help deliver energy transition and the Net Zero agenda. The majority of our portfolio concentrates on the generation of energy from waste and biomass, from assets across the UK and Europe. Learn more × Environmental Services The Environmental Services Sector (ESS) covers a total of 42 assets across the United Kingdom, Europe and the Middle East, with £1.5bn invested and an equity capital base of over £4bn. It includes operating and construction assets in a number of waste treatment sectors including energy from waste, waste wood biomass, mechanical sorting and recycling, anaerobic digestion, clinical and hazardous waste incineration, and wastewater treatment. ESS facilities generate energy in the form of electricity, heat and biogas, providing a low-carbon alternative energy source to fossil alternatives. Our electricity generation capability is in excess of three terawatt hours per year, equivalent to powering over a million homes. Some of our assets supply heat to industrial and domestic customers, providing those entities with lower cost energy and an ability to offset their own carbon footprint. A substantial shareholder in the UK’s largest fleet of EfW facilities, and also in Northern Ireland’s largest waste management company, we provide essential waste treatment – processing over 6 million tonnes annually. The treatment capacity helps to reduce the volume of waste that goes to landfill, enabling UK authorities and businesses to reduce costs of managing waste. This in turn lowers demand for land resources and avoids potentially high, uncontrolled CO2 emissions. Collectively, the ESS assets contribute more than one million tonnes of CO2 savings every year against the counterfactual case. With our in-house team of technical, commercial and financial experts in the sector, we actively manage our facilities, continually optimising our asset base to support the Government’s decarbonisation targets (by 2035) and the wider net zero agenda (by 2050), by diversion of waste from landfill, recycling and energy recovery. Portfolio £1.56 bn AUM 39 Projects Network Utilities Our network utilities provide essential electricity, gas, water, heat and fibre services to customers across Europe, supporting thousands of jobs and millions of people who rely on our services every year. Learn more × Network Utilities Equitix’s network utilities assets connect over 23 million customers to essential services such as Electricity, Gas, Water, Fibre and Heat. Equitix’s networks are highly reliable, resilient, and form the backbone of the infrastructure required to create sustainable cities and communities. Investor returns are generated through a mix of regulated and un-regulated services with perpetual licenses. Affordable access is provided across Equitix’s networks to deliver clean energy and improve quality of life for customers. Equitix and its network utilities partners are investing heavily to develop and upgrade the energy networks needed to enable a net-zero carbon economy. Electricity distribution networks are helping to deliver the step change 

## Cleaned Web Text Summary


================================================================================
Company Number: 08219926
================================================================================
INDUSTRIES: infrastructure assets
ACTIVITIES: investing, developing, managing
PRODUCTS: 
MARKETS: global
REGIONS: 24 countries
MODEL: B2B
COMPANY_TRADING_NAME: Equitix
COMPANY_SUMMARY: Equitix is a leading global investor, developer, and long-term fund manager of core infrastructure assets. The company invests in, develops, and manages global infrastructure assets that contribute to the lives of communities they serve. With a responsible investment approach, Equitix aims to deliver a sustainable future by integrating ESG factors throughout its business.
================================================================================

Stats: Original=26479 chars, Truncated=4000 chars, Summary=559 chars

## Original Web Text Summary


================================================================================
Company Number: 08219926
================================================================================
INDUSTRIES: infrastructure assets
ACTIVITIES: investing, developing, managing, asset management
PRODUCTS: 
MARKETS: global
REGIONS: 24 countries
MODEL: B2B
COMPANY_TRADING_NAME: Equitix, Equitix Investment Management Ltd
COMPANY_SUMMARY: Equitix is a leading global investor, developer, and long-term fund manager of core infrastructure assets. The company invests in, develops, and manages global infrastructure assets that contribute to the lives of communities they serve. With over £11.7 billion in assets under management, Equitix has 300+ assets across 24 countries and operates from 15 office locations. Founded in 2007, Equitix is a responsible investor with a strategic approach to identifying niche opportunities, executing complex transactions, and continuous active asset management.
================================================================================

Stats: Original=50000 chars, Truncated=4000 chars, Summary=795 chars

